link to finished to codepen https://codepen.io/gerredegan/pen/PomBLVm?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        used to reinforce the meaning of content on webpage
    2. What is HTML used for?
        used to structure the website 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        used to control behavior, insie the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        used to identify header, only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        text, search
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        page<title>
    7. What is an id? 
        identifies element for CSS
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
         any body in HTML
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        allows css to select specific elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        highlight then select new tab
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        used to specify text in image not display
    15. How do I reference an id?
        hashtag
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section means content inside is grouped
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        styling webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    class apples to multiple elements while id is one element i.e: when styling specific element in a paragraph
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    write a period .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        used to match all element that are child of specofied element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        :link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            used to select elements in specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-spacing: px
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: px
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: Capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        <div style="border: dotted 1px black" 
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    the asterick
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        place your plain text inside /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to make sure all the features and permissions are available
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git commit-m 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork, clone, cd document, git clone, cd<repo name>, got checkout -b "firstname-lastname", git add ., git commit -m "text", click brack master, create new pull request,  

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
